Introduction to VRP and HGS documentation (#242)
PyVRP/PyVRP: docs/source/setup/introduction_to_hgs.rst

> A brief introduction to HGS
> ===================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A brief introduction to HGS
===========================
```

HGS combines the global search capabilities of genetic algorithms with the fine-tuning efficiency of local search methods.
This hybrid approach allows for effective exploration and exploitation of the search space, leading to high-quality solutions.

.. note::

    For a more thorough introduction to HGS for VRPs, we refer to the papers by `Vidal et al. (2013) <https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0305054812001645>`_ and `Vidal (2022) <https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S030505482100349X>`_.

The HGS algorithm works as follows.
HGS maintains a population of solutions, which is initialised by a set of initial solutions given as input to the algorithm.
In every iteration of the search loop, the algorithm selects two existing parent solutions from the population using a *k*-ary tournament, favouring solutions with higher fitness.
A crossover operator then uses these two parent solutions to generate an offspring solution that inherits features from both parents.
After the crossover, the offspring solution is further improved using a local search procedure.

> If the candidate solution improves over the best solution found so far, then we register it as the new best solution.
> The candidate solution is then added to the population.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The candidate solution is first added to the population.
If the candidate solution improves over the best solution found so far, it is also registered as the new best solution.
```

Upon reaching the maximum population size, a survivor selection mechanism removes the least fit solutions until the population is back at the minimum size.

> The algorithm continues until a provided stopping criterion is met, at which point it returns the best solution found. In pseudocode, HGS works as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm continues until a provided stopping criterion is met, at which point it returns the best solution found. 

In pseudocode, HGS works as follows:
```

.. line-block::

    **Input:** initial solutions :math:`s_1, \dots, s_{n}`
    **Output:** the best found solution :math:`s^*`

>     :math:`s^* \gets s`

Reviewer: What's $s$ at this point?

Author: Should have been the minimum valued initial solution. Rephrased now

    **repeat** until stopping criteria is met:
        Select two parent solutions :math:`(s^{p_1}, s^{p_2})` from the population using :math:`k`-ary tournament.
        Apply crossover operator :math:`XO` to generate an offspring solution :math:`s^o=XO(s^{p_1}, s^{p_2})`.
        Improve the offspring using a local search procedure :math:`LS` to obtain :math:`s^c=LS(s^o)`.

>         **if** :math:`s^c` has a better objective value than :math:`s^*`:
>             :math:`s^* \gets s^c`
>         Add the candidate solution to the population.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Add the candidate solution to the population.
        **if** :math:`s^c` has a better objective value than :math:`s^*`:
            :math:`s^* \gets s^c`
```
